content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable
  matter.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008
email: ""
highlight_name: true
interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval
organizations:
- name: Stanford University
  url: https://www.stanford.edu/
role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: /#contact
- display:
    header: true
  icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  label: Follow me on Twitter
  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: graduation-cap
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/
superuser: true
title: Alice Bighetti (吳恩達)
---

Alice Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. Her research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. She leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.

Commit message:

update content files with personal information

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable
  matter.
education:
  courses:
  - course: MASc in Water Resourses Engineering
    institution: University of Guelph
    year: 2020 - Present
  - course: BSc in Earth Sciences, Hydrogeology Specialization, Co-operative Program
    institution: University of Waterloo
    year: 2015 - 2019
email: "mitchbrownuw@gmail.com"
highlight_name: true
interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval
organizations:
- name: University of Guelph
  url: https://www.uoguelph.ca/
role: MASc Candidate, Water Resources Engineering
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: /#contact
# - display:
#     header: true
#   icon: twitter
#   icon_pack: fab
#   label: Follow me on Twitter
#   link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
# - icon: graduation-cap
#   icon_pack: fas
#   link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/mitchelljbrown
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mitchell-brown-bb166510b/
superuser: true
title: Mitchell Brown
---

Studying Water Resources Engineering at the University of Guelph as part of the Morwick G360 Groundwater Research Institute Group Directed by Dr. Beth Parker. As part of my thesis project, I work very closely with Active Distributed Temperature Sensing (A-DTS) where I have collected, processed and analyzed temperature data collected with A-DTS. After a realized affinity for extracting important insights from large data sets, I became heavily involved in the world of programming and have since become experienced in python, R and C/C++. I am currently contributing to a package for processing A-DTS data in R, and working on side projects scraping data from websites and using machine learning to make meaningful predictions.   

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.
